# CS-350-Emerging-Sys-Arch-Tech

The thermostat project is a prototype that utilizes the temperature sensor on the Texas Instrument CC3200S Launchpad to read the room temperature, the buttons located at the sides of the launchpad allows the temperature to be increased and decreased, if the heater is on, the red LED will light up. I am very proud I was able to accomplish the project, the LED is behaving as expected and the temperature displays correctly when the launchpad buttons are pressed. I was able to find the resources I needed to understand how to accomplish the project. I am confident I could improve the program by simplifying the algorithm used in my code as well as improve the project as a whole. The toold and resources that are being added to my support network is the ongoing development of my research skills. Understanding what it is that I am having issues with, and being able to describe it and being able to research it using forums, in this case the forums included in the Texas Instruments web site, GitHub, and Youtube explanations of the subject I am working on. This project was great in introducing to SDK documentation, it was challenging making sense of the examples and manual at first, but I have found that referrencing the device's and the SDK's documentation is very valuable. Making the project maintainable, readble and adaptable included includig as many comments as I could possibly think of, and building the code in a way that could be easiily adapted to accomplish different tasks. 
